Sprint 2: Project

Requirements Analysis
Functional Requirements
FR-1:
●	Check the input fields are labeled in the interface.
                 1. “From” input field in the interface
     2. “To” input field in the interface.
●	     Check if we have 3 mode options.
1.     Check if we have mode option named “Optimum”
2.     Check if we have mode option named “Fastest”
3.     Check if we have mode option named “Custom”
 
●	     Check if we have icons for each type of transport and “on foot”
1.     An icon for “on foot”
2.     An icon for “user’s car”
3.     An icon for “car-sharing”
4.     An icon for “taxi”
5.     An icon for “scooter”
6.     An icon for “bicycle” 


FR-2:
●	Check if user can enter departure and destination into “to” and “from” fields, respectively
1.     Check if user can enter departure into “to” field
2.     Check if user can enter destination into “from” field
●	Allow for spaces when the fields are entered
1.     Check if spaces can be entered in the beginning of the “to” field”
2.     Check if spaces can be entered towards the end of the “to” field”
3.     Check if spaces can be entered in the beginning of the “from” field”
4.     Check if spaces can be entered towards the end of the “from” field”
●	Check if spaces are deleted when the fields are not in focus.
1.     Check if spaces are automatically deleted after you shift focus from “to” field
2.     Check if spaces are automatically deleted after you shift focus from “from” field
 
FR-3:
●	Check if the “From” and “To” fields are empty when clicked
 
1.     “From” field is empty when clicked
2.     “To” field is empty when clicked
 
●	None of the 3 modes are selected
1.     “Optimum” is not selected.
2.     “Fastest” is not selected.
3.      “Custom” is not selected.
 
●	Transport panel (on foot, the user's car, car-sharing, taxi, scooter, or bicycle) is inactive
 
FR-4:
●	 Only numbers, spaces, dashes, periods, commas, and Latin characters are allowed in the address fields.
1.     Check if address field “to” can have numbers
2.     Check if address field “to” can have spaces
3.     Check if address field “to” can have dashes
4.     Check if address field “to” can have periods
5.     Check if address field “to” can have commas
6.     Check if address field “to” can have Latin Characters
7.     Check if address field “from” can have numbers
8.     Check if address field “from” can have spaces
9.     Check if address field “from” can have dashes
10.  Check if address field “from” can have periods
11.  Check if address field “from” can have commas
12.  Check if address field “from” can have Latin Characters 
 
●	 Maximum length of address is 50 characters
1.     Check if the “To” field has maximum length of 50 characters
2.     Check if the “From” field has maximum length of 50 characters
 
●	 Check if spaces are trimmed when the field if not in focus
                 1. Check if spaces are trimmed at the beginning of “to” field, when the field is not in focus
                 2. Check if spaces are trimmed at the end of “to” field, when the field is not in focus
3.     Check if spaces are trimmed at the beginning of “from” field, when the field is not in focus
                 4. Check if spaces are trimmed at the end of “to” field, when the field is not in focus
 
●	  An error message “incorrect input” is generated
1. If any other input is provided in the address “to” field, system should display error message “incorrect input”
2. If any other input is provided in the address “from” field, system should display error message “incorrect input”
 
Test Planning
 
Use the test plan to fill in the following sections:
 
Information	Description of software being tested	Person/people responsible for communicating strategic changes to the team	Digital infrastructure used in testing	Application's features and functionalities	Measures that should be taken to avoid delays
The section it can be found in	1.2 Application summary	4.2. Test Lead	5. Software and Hardware Resources	2.1.1. Manual Functional UI Testing	6.Risks and Mitigation
 


